Update auto instrumentation (profiler) docs (#2756)
elastic/apm-agent-dotnet: docs/reference/set-up-apm-net-agent.md

:   On **.NET**, the agent supports auto instrumentation without any code change and without any recompilation of your projects. See [Zero code change setup on .NET](/reference/setup-dotnet-net-core.md#zero-code-change-setup) for more details.

::::{warning}

> Native AOT is not supported. See [Supported .NET runtimes](/reference/supported-technologies.md#supported-dotnet-runtimes) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Native AOT is not supported. Refer to [Supported .NET runtimes](/reference/supported-technologies.md#supported-dotnet-runtimes) for details.
```

::::

## Choosing an approach [choosing-an-approach]

The three approaches can be used independently or in combination. Use the guidance below to pick the right one for your situation.

| Situation | Recommended approach |
| --- | --- |
| No code changes allowed; instrumenting a third-party or legacy application | Profiler only |
| Full control over application startup; want explicit, code-level setup | NuGet packages |

> | .NET Framework application using a technology not in the profiler's IL-rewriting list (e.g. Entity Framework 6, Redis) | NuGet package required — the startup hook is not available on .NET Framework |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| .NET Framework application using a technology not in the profiler's IL-rewriting list (for example, Entity Framework 6, Redis) | NuGet package required — the startup hook is not available on .NET Framework |
```

> | Want zero-code-change entry point *and* richer coverage for specific libraries | Profiler + NuGet augmentation — add the relevant integration packages alongside the profiler |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Want zero-code-change entry point **and** richer coverage for specific libraries | Profiler + NuGet augmentation — add the relevant integration packages alongside the profiler |
```

If you **must** use emphasis, please use bold rather than italics 😉

> | Library already emits native OpenTelemetry spans (e.g. `Elastic.Clients.Elasticsearch`, MongoDB Driver ≥3.7) | Profiler or NuGet provides the [OpenTelemetry Bridge](/reference/opentelemetry-bridge.md) automatically — no extra Elastic integration package needed |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Library already emits native OpenTelemetry spans (for example, `Elastic.Clients.Elasticsearch`, MongoDB Driver ≥3.7) | Profiler or NuGet provides the [OpenTelemetry Bridge](/reference/opentelemetry-bridge.md) automatically — no extra Elastic integration package needed |
```

> For the full breakdown of which technologies are supported by each method, see [Supported technologies](/reference/supported-technologies.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the full breakdown of which technologies are supported by each method, refer to [Supported technologies](/reference/supported-technologies.md).
```

* [ASP.NET](/reference/setup-asp-dot-net.md)
* [Azure Functions](/reference/setup-azure-functions.md)
* [Manual instrumentation](/reference/setup-general.md)

> ## Next: configure the agent [configure-the-agent]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Next: Configure the agent [configure-the-agent]
```

> Once installed, the agent needs to know where to send data. At a minimum you'll need to set your APM Server URL, an authentication credential, and optionally a service name. See [Minimum configuration](/reference/configuration.md#minimum-configuration) for the three settings that every deployment needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once installed, the agent needs to know where to send data. At a minimum you'll need to set your APM Server URL, an authentication credential, and optionally a service name. Refer to [Minimum configuration](/reference/configuration.md#minimum-configuration) for the three settings that every deployment needs.
```
